Add pg16 migration scripts (2024.7.0) (#17)
GitGuardian/ggtools: postgresql-16-upgrade/README.md

### Clone ggotools repository

```shell
git clone https://github.com/GitGuardian/ggtools.git
cd ggtools/postgresql-16-upgrade/scripts
```

### Backup PostgreSQL data

First, you need to dump data using the `backup.sh` script:

```shell
./backup.sh --namespace <gitguardian_namespace> --output </path/to/pg_dump.sql.gz>
```

The script will perform the following steps:

  1. Retrieve the current GitGuardian version using `kubectl`.
  2. Retrieve PostgreSQL running Pod using `kubectl`
  3. Dump the Gitguardian data to the specified path on your desktop using the `--output` option (Data is compressed using `gzip`)
  4. Create a ConfigMap called `postgresql-backup` in the `<gitguardian_namespace>` which contains the following informations:
     - Backup file MD5 hash
     - Backup status
     - Backup date (ISO format)
     - GitGuardian application current version

### Update GitGuardian application

From the KOTS admin console you can now update the GitGuardian application.

:vertical_traffic_light: A preflight check called `PostgreSQL 16 Upgrade` will ensure that the backup was executed correctly by checking the configMap `postgresql-bakcup`.

### Restore PostgreSQL backuped data

> Once, the applications updata has succesfully completed, you can restore the data using the `restore.sh` script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once, the application update has successfully completed, you can restore the data using the `restore.sh` script:
```

Author: fixed! thanks
